Open File shell for TC, version 1.8b
Frequently Asked Questions.

Copyright © Antoon_Inc company, 2004-2008. All Rights Reserved.

Here those questions which, in my opinion, can be arisen at you during work 
with the Open File shell for TC. I hope, this list helps you to understand 
application's work.

If you think that some questions are not disclosed there, then please write
me to oftc@antoon-inc.com

----------------- Work with application -----------------------

Q. I am working with text-files a lot, but these text-files have a huge number different extensions,
   like *.1, *.textfile, *.someext and other. And I am tired to click on the same editor each time.
   Is it possible to set default editor for each new extension? I want to open all new extensions
   in one editor directly, without OpenFileTC window. How can I do it?
О. To do it, open in OpenFileTC the editors' setup window (editor which you want to set as default)
   and check there the "Open all new extensions in this editor directly" check box.
   

--------------------- Application's setup -------------------------

Q. I want to edit an executable, but OpenFileTC always asks me - do I want to add this
   executable to the list of editors? How can I disable this option? 
   And why was it made for?
A. This option was made for user friendliness. Now you can add editor not only via the
   OpenFileTC interface ("Other application..." item), but via the Total Commander too.
   You just need to press F4 on the new editor, and OpenFileTC will asks you to add this 
   editor to the common list.
   If you want to disable this option, you need to open OpenFileTC setup window, there
   select the "Tuning" section, and swithch off the 
   "Add executable to the list of editors if user press F4 on it" switcher.

Q. How compulsorily to open Open File shell for TC?
A. You can set up forced run of OpenFileTC using section Tuning 
   at the Setup window of application.

Q. How to open at once some text files in the necessary editor? 
A. For this purpose it is necessary to select these files and to press F4.

Q. What variable environments do the application understands?
A. You can see full list of all environment variables at the SupportedTags_eng.txt file.
   Also there is a description for using them.

Q. How to assign files without extensions for some editor?
A. You need to add extension %nil% to the list of supported extensions of this executable.


--------------------- Solving problems -------------------------

Q. How to divide Open File shell for TC between users?
A. In a section Tuning, there is a switch which is responsible for setting's 
   division between users.

Q. If I use %COMMANDER_PATH% in my command line for program, sometimes program didn't start. 
   What is the matter?
A. This may cause if you are starts Open File TC not under the Total Commander. Also please 
   check that there is right Environment Variable for the Total Commander process. For example, 
   you can use envvar.wfx plugin for this. If there is no COMMANDER_PATH variable, them create 
   it by yourself and set full path to the totalcmd.exe file. For example, it can be C:\TotalCmd 
   (without slash at the end!).

Q. When I open file using Open File TC then application write: Can't open this file. Or sometimes 
   application opens only the first file from the list of selected files. What is the matter?
A. May be this application need to receive files without quotes around them. Or application allow 
   to edit only one file at once. Try to experiment with  . Try to select, for example, second 
   or fourth variant.

Q. How to show hint near the mouse, not in the corner of the Open File TC window?
A. You need to switch on the "Show tool tips near the mouse" check box, in OpenFileTC setup window.

Q. When I open editor using Open File TC, a process OpenFileTC.exe is still in the processes list. 
   Is this a bug? 
A. This is not a bug, but you can do the following thing. Switch on the "Don't spy for executables"
   check box, in the setup window of Open File TC. Then Open File TC stops to spy for runned 
   executable. But if you opens file from archive, then you need to repack this archive manually.

--------------------- Not solved questions -------------------------

Q. How at once to open one file in one editor, and another - in the other?
Q. How can I Open a folder using Open File TC?
Q. How can I open *.txt-files in one editor, and readme.txt-file in anotner?